README.md, before:

![Windows Compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-10%2C%2011-blue)
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/emy69/CoomerDL/total)

# Coomer Downloader App

**Coomer Downloader App** is a Python-based desktop application that simplifies downloading images and videos from various URLs. With an intuitive GUI, you can paste a link and let the app handle the rest.

---

## Support My Work

If you find this tool helpful, please consider supporting my efforts:

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-FFDD00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://buymeacoffee.com/emy_69)
[![Support on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20on%20Patreon-FF424D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=patreon&logoColor=white)](https://www.patreon.com/emy69)


---

## Features

### Download Images and Videos
- **Multithreaded Downloads**: Boosts download speed by utilizing multiple threads.
- **Progress Feedback**: Real-time progress updates during downloads.
- **Queue Management**: Efficiently handles large download queues.

**Supported File Extensions**:
- **Videos**: `.mp4`, `.mkv`, `.webm`, `.mov`, `.avi`, `.flv`, `.wmv`, `.m4v`
- **Images**: `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, `.bmp`, `.tiff`
- **Documents**: `.pdf`, `.doc`, `.docx`, `.xls`, `.xlsx`, `.ppt`, `.pptx`
- **Compressed**: `.zip`, `.rar`, `.7z`, `.tar`, `.gz`

---

## Supported Pages

- [coomer.su](https://coomer.su/)  
- [kemono.su](https://kemono.su/)  
- [erome.com](https://www.erome.com/)  
- [bunkr.albums.io](https://bunkr-albums.io/)  
- [simpcity.su](https://simpcity.su/)  
- [jpg5.su](https://jpg5.su/)  

---

## CLI Tools

If you prefer using command-line interfaces, check out the following projects:

- **[Coomer CLI](https://github.com/Emy69/Coomer-cli)**  
  A CLI tool for downloading media from Coomer and similar sites. It offers customizable options for file naming, download modes, rate limiting, checksum verification, and more.

- **[Simpcity CLI](https://github.com/Emy69/SimpCityCLI)**  
  A CLI tool specifically designed for downloading media from Simpcity. It shares many features with Coomer CLI and is tailored for the Simpcity platform.

---


## Language Support

- [Español](#)  
- [English](#)  
- [日本語 (Japanese)](#)  
- [中文 (Chinese)](#)  
- [Français (French)](#)  
- [Русский (Russian)](#)  

---

## Community

Have questions or just want to say hi? Join the Discord server:

[![Join Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-Discord-7289DA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/ku8gSPsesh)

---

## Downloads

- **Latest Version**: Visit the [Releases Page](https://github.com/Emy69/CoomerDL/releases) to download the newest version.

---

## Usage

1. Launch the application.
2. Paste the URL of the image or video you want to download.
3. Click **Download** and wait for the process to finish.

![Usage GIF](https://github.com/Emy69/CoomerDL/blob/main/resources/screenshots/0627.gif)

---

## Clone the Repository

To get a local copy of the project, run the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Emy69/CoomerDL.git
```
### Install Dependencies
Navigate to the project folder:
```sh
cd CoomerDL
```
Then install the required dependencies:
```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
### Run the Application
Once everything is installed, you can start the application with:
```sh
python main.py
```

Commit message:

Reduced the downloader retry default to five attempts, added configurable storage path support, and hardened retry updates to clamp invalid values.
Updated the settings UI, persisted defaults, and documentation to reflect the new retry ceiling and gracefully handle legacy values.

README.md, after:

![Windows Compatibility](https://img.shields.io/badge/Windows-10%2C%2011-blue)
![Downloads](https://img.shields.io/github/downloads/emy69/CoomerDL/total)

# Coomer Downloader App

**Coomer Downloader App** is a Python-based desktop application that simplifies downloading images and videos from various URLs. With an intuitive GUI, you can paste a link and let the app handle the rest.

---

## Support My Work

If you find this tool helpful, please consider supporting my efforts:

[![Buy Me a Coffee](https://img.shields.io/badge/Buy%20Me%20a%20Coffee-FFDD00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=buy-me-a-coffee&logoColor=black)](https://buymeacoffee.com/emy_69)
[![Support on Patreon](https://img.shields.io/badge/Support%20on%20Patreon-FF424D.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=patreon&logoColor=white)](https://www.patreon.com/emy69)


---

## Features

### Download Images and Videos
- **Multithreaded Downloads**: Boosts download speed by utilizing multiple threads.
- **Progress Feedback**: Real-time progress updates during downloads.
- **Queue Management**: Efficiently handles large download queues.
- **Fail-fast Retries**: Downloads retry up to five times (six total attempts) by default before failing, and the limit can be adjusted in the Settings panel.

**Supported File Extensions**:
- **Videos**: `.mp4`, `.mkv`, `.webm`, `.mov`, `.avi`, `.flv`, `.wmv`, `.m4v`
- **Images**: `.jpg`, `.jpeg`, `.png`, `.gif`, `.bmp`, `.tiff`
- **Documents**: `.pdf`, `.doc`, `.docx`, `.xls`, `.xlsx`, `.ppt`, `.pptx`
- **Compressed**: `.zip`, `.rar`, `.7z`, `.tar`, `.gz`

---

## Supported Pages

- [coomer.su](https://coomer.su/)  
- [kemono.su](https://kemono.su/)  
- [erome.com](https://www.erome.com/)  
- [bunkr.albums.io](https://bunkr-albums.io/)  
- [simpcity.su](https://simpcity.su/)  
- [jpg5.su](https://jpg5.su/)  

---

## CLI Tools

If you prefer using command-line interfaces, check out the following projects:

- **[Coomer CLI](https://github.com/Emy69/Coomer-cli)**  
  A CLI tool for downloading media from Coomer and similar sites. It offers customizable options for file naming, download modes, rate limiting, checksum verification, and more.

- **[Simpcity CLI](https://github.com/Emy69/SimpCityCLI)**  
  A CLI tool specifically designed for downloading media from Simpcity. It shares many features with Coomer CLI and is tailored for the Simpcity platform.

---


## Language Support

- [Español](#)  
- [English](#)  
- [日本語 (Japanese)](#)  
- [中文 (Chinese)](#)  
- [Français (French)](#)  
- [Русский (Russian)](#)  

---

## Community

Have questions or just want to say hi? Join the Discord server:

[![Join Discord](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join-Discord-7289DA.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/ku8gSPsesh)

---

## Downloads

- **Latest Version**: Visit the [Releases Page](https://github.com/Emy69/CoomerDL/releases) to download the newest version.

---

## Usage

1. Launch the application.
2. Paste the URL of the image or video you want to download.
3. Click **Download** and wait for the process to finish.

![Usage GIF](https://github.com/Emy69/CoomerDL/blob/main/resources/screenshots/0627.gif)

---

## Clone the Repository

To get a local copy of the project, run the following command:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/Emy69/CoomerDL.git
```
### Install Dependencies
Navigate to the project folder:
```sh
cd CoomerDL
```
Then install the required dependencies:
```sh
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
### Run the Application
Once everything is installed, you can start the application with:
```sh
python main.py
```
